## Data

For now, the data can be found in https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1OG0NaPqlbzNlvG83L0LQMMVsw8jftEsz
Download the zipfile and create a `data` folder with its elements. 
Then add this folder and the `plots` folder to the project folder.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Requirements

All packages are listed in [the requirements file](requirements.txt). To install these packages, you can use the following command if you are using `pip`:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Project Structure

This section provides a detailed overview of the project's directory and file structure, explaining the purpose and contents of each part.

### `webscraping/`

- Scripts designed to extract data from the web, facilitating the data collection process for analysis. They can be viewed as an inspiration for future webscrapping, as they will be very hard to use again. 

### `src/`

- The source code for the core functionality of the project.
  
  - [`src/Processing/`](src/Processing/): All the functions linked use to filter texts on the theme of BigTechs, and text cleaning functions. The `clean()` function is called many times in the project in order to clean uniformally newcoming texts.

  - [`src/GloVe/`](src/GloVe/): 
    - [`glove_functs.py`](src/GloVe/glove_functs.py) contains the main functions to perform the computation of the cooccurrence matric then the training of the GloVe model.
    - [`weights.py`](src/GloVe/weights.py) contains the functions to compute the weighting of embeddings inside a document in order to get the document general embedding.

  - [`src/Axes/`](src/Axes/): This folder builds all the functions relative to the definition of the axes we want to look at and the projection of embeddings on them.
    - [`axes_definition.py`](src/Axes/axes_definition.py) : Here you can find and modify the list of words defining the poles of the axes.
    - [`models.py`](src/Axes/models.py): This script loads the embeddings from text format into word2vec format, which is much more manipulable.
    - [`models_dataframes.py`](src/Axes/models_dataframes.py): This scripts takes the word2vec embeddings format and computes the cosine of each document with the 2 axes defined. It also filters the texts speaking of specific companies thanks to the filtering words defined in [`filter_words.py`](src/Axes/filter_words.py). Then, it stores two dataframes in the `data` folder : a dataframe with all the texts and their cosines with the axes, and a similar one but with information relative to the company of which each text speaks of. The computations and bootstrapping are done with functions in [`projection_functions.py`](src/Axes/projection_functions.py) and [`bootstraping.py`](src/Axes/bootstraping.py).
    - - [`curves_plots.py`](src/Axes/curves_plots.py): Builds the main function to plot the cosine between selected sources and axis, with multple parameters available.

### `processing/`

- Scripts and modules responsible for data processing and manipulation.
  - `demo_and_requirements/`: Includes scripts showcasing processing capabilities and additional requirements if applicable.

### `notebooks/`

- Contains Jupyter notebooks that demonstrate or test various features of the project.
  - `main.ipynb`: A notebook that provides a comprehensive demo of the project's capabilities.

### `plots/`

- This directory houses all graphical outputs generated by the project. It includes:
  - `Polarization/`: Subdirectory containing plots specific to polarization studies or results.



